professor about Malfoy and sneaky
Professor Snape I've told you Harry I
trust service my answer has not changed
now to the business at hand I have not
been able to find many memories of Tom
Riddle that hot words I did however find
this one good gracious look at the time
off you go boys a strange Avery don't
forget your essays look sharp that Tom
no Tom I don't know anything about war
crimes easy but I wouldn't tell you if I
dear now get out of here I don't
understand what happened Professor
Slughorn has tampered with his memory
had it I asked you to get to know
Professor Slughorn now I wanted to
persuade him to divulge his true memory
any way you can that memory is
everything but i believe you have
Quidditch practice you'll find your way
there more easily now the orders have
open more of the castle good day Harry I
solemnly swear that i am up to no good
mischief managed hello Harry Professor
McGonagall looking for you do you know
what she wants no but she's waiting for
you in the Transfiguration courtyard
sounded important
you
I've been doing some research I went to
the library I checked in the restricted
section and I can't wait anything this
free
say who this person is good they call me
that bad can we really should know is
even going on she was rather insistent
ah there you are I wanted to talk to you
after the unfortunate events at the
battle over Christmas why is it always
you when something happens believe me
professor I've been asking myself that
for years I heard you've joined the
tooling club patty I think you should
follow his example and the weasel is too
you can't be too prepared don't limit
yourself to your friends in Gryffindor
mind ah here's the person we were
waiting for hi Harry I'll earnest here
is captain of the ravenclaw jeweling
Club you come along with me Miss Granger
and will sign you up with Gryffindor
dual income would you like to practice
casting levy corpus with us I've always
wanted to learn that spell ok
thanks for teaching us that be careful
though you might find some Ravenclaw's
Carson at you in future Jules let's try
a proper job while you're here
Ravenclaw's junior champion against
Harry Potter
expand
Harry
thanks for that Harry as a special
members privilege you can use that
portrait shortcut over there the
password is light against darkness why
don't you try our dueling challenge just
go to the notice board when you're ready
to give it a go I believe you're due at
a quidditch training session I am rather
hoping Gryffindor will win the Quidditch
Cup this year get yourself along their
Potter great Quidditch teams are not
built on tardiness are you their neck
mrs. Judy Beasley is waiting with the
rest of your team down at the Quidditch
pitch I can hurry along and join me fine
light against darkness yeah well Mars
friend I must change that password